MESSAGE FROM VICE CHANCELLOR

It gives me immense pleasure to welcome you to our dynamic university campus. CSJMU is currently at the height of its academic excellence. We are a NAAC A++ graded university, which also has been recognized as a Grade I institution by the University Grants Commission. We have an impressive presence in the national and international rankings. The rankings, however, cannot capture the vibrancy of the campus, the cultural mesh of life, and the robust academic infrastructure that will create an unforgettable college for you all.  
At CSJMU, you will find the giants of research and academic work in collaboration to create a holistic, sustainable future. We have state-of-the-art laboratories that host research excellence funded through various government grants and projects. In the same campus, you will find sports facilities to kindle your athletic prowess and the departments of music and fine arts to soothe your spirit with creative engagement. Our library hosts materials from the national and international repositories to capture your interest in varied fields.  
We are determined to stand by you at every stage of your academic life cycle, for which we have a 
robust placement cell that will ensure your place in the job market. If you want to explore life beyond a job, then our Incubation Foundation will extend a helping hand to make your entrepreneurial dreams into reality by nurturing your ideas and engaging the marketing channels in place. We reckon that our students will keep us in their memories as a life-changing foundational force.  
As you start on your academic journey, I urge you to set yourself free under the guidance of your teachers, mentors, peers, and family. I assure you that CSJMU will provide you space to become the best version of yourself, with all the combined efforts. We encourage students to take up leadership roles at a young age. We also provide a platform to engage in extracurricular activities so that you may pursue your dreams in any field you want. Inclusivity is a fundamental principle of our institution, ensuring that all students, irrespective of their background, are provided with equitable opportunities to acquire knowledge, develop their potential, and achieve success within a supportive and diverse academic environment. 
I look forward to witnessing your achievements and contributions as you embark on this transformative journey with us. Welcome to CSJMU, where you shape yourself.   
Warm regards, 

Prof. Vinay Kumar Pathak, 
Vice Chancellor, 
Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University 